
Description

We have often found in our lives that keeping record of a aptient's Health Stats is a hard task.
And the doctors often look forward to it during the assessment of a patient.
This Particular program will help the people to keep the data of them or the patient.
In a sorted and formatted order with a great look and insight of the vital of one self.
The following app would help the users to manage the data of one patient in a tabular manner.
taking away the hassle of keeping a notebook for the vital management. 
Hence it would help in easier management with deeper vision,
It would also lower the high amount of paper being used.

 
Contents

1)MAIN FILE.HTML=> It is a Frameset operated file in which the user and the viewer would be working to look and store the data 

2)BASE!.html => It is a form used to recieve data from the user in a form based system

3)GUIDE.html => It is a file which is used for navigating into different menus of the site and having a good look over them. 

4)TitleWrite.html => It is used as a tiltle for the main page and has the logo and name of the project in it.

5)Welcome.html => it is the Welcome Page in which the window would begin when you first enter in and is also the home menu for the code.

6)CONTACT US.html => Has Info about the contributers and team members involved in this project.

7) Logo.png=> Logo of our Team (Credits :- Samridhi Goyal)

8) Cals :- Used for Displaying data regarding Calsand is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

9) BP	:- Used for Displaying data regarding BP and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

10) Bodytemp :- Used for Displaying data regarding Body Temperature and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

11) Sleep Cycle :- Used for Displaying data regarding Sleep Recordsand is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

12) Spo2 :- Used for Displaying data regarding Blood Oxygen Level and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

13) Steps :- Used for Displaying data regarding Steps Walked and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

14) Sugar :- Used for Displaying data regarding Blood Sugar Level and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

15) Pulse Rate :- Used for Displaying data regarding Pulse Rate and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu

16) Menstural Cycle :- Used for Displaying data regarding Menstural Cycle (If Woman) and is linked with the buttons in the guide menu


Ways to Host 

The user will just need all the necessary files of codes and a internet browser to work with this setup as it is easy to use and well Built 
while keeping in mind about the people with slow or no Internet connectivity at times, It is and Offline Based Module.
To run this 
Click on the "MAIN FILE.HTML" to run and use the following software.

 
